66 31
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww│w
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww╔═══════┘w
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww│   1   1w
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww╔═══┘g   002gw
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww│            w
wwwwwwwwwwwwww╔════════════════════════════════┘        g333w
wwwwwwwwwwwwww│0ggg01gggg22ggggggg1gggggggggggggggggggggggggw
wwwwwwwwwwwwww│ggg1g  g11gggggg gggg         0gggsdddddddd00w
wwwwwwwwwwwwww│g00gggg11g222ggggg ggggggggggggggg0001023ddddw
www╔══════════┘ggg1gg   gg ggg22ggggggggg22ggg11gddd2gg32110w
www│ 0     1     ggg11gggg22gg0ggggg gggggggggggg  g1dddddbqw
www│    e            gggggggggggsggggggddddd0dddg2dddg 12300w
www│ 1  H  0   @                  gg gggggggg1g11g11230ggdd0w
www│    K          ggg g   ggggggggg   dd  gggggg333211dddd 1w
www│ 0     1ggggg2ggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggddggdddd00   w
www╚----------┐ggggg1221gggggggggggggggggg    0013dd  dd0122w
wwwwwwwwwwwwww│ggg1gggg          gggggg   ddddd      dddd ggw
wwwwwwwwwwwwww│gggggggg1ggggggg       ggggggggggggsggggdddddw
wwwwwwwwwwwwww│ggggggggggggggggg3gggg       ggg2gggg2gg3ggggw
wwwwwwwwwwwwww╚-------------┐ggggggg11ggggggggggg0gg3gggggggw
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww╚-┐   1111    0ggg gg    ggg    --
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww╚---------------------┐       w
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww│g      w
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww│gg  gg w
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww│  g    w
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww╚-------w
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww